so I
think uh what do we do what do we do
against Orcs do I go double I like the
double specifically with the Demon
Hunter but I don't like it
generally now I think we'll just we'll
try and keep it lean we we'll
try try to keep Lan so with the OM can
send the strike Squad solo because they
can solo basically
anything might have to retreat him nice
and early yeah we will that's
fine for model so we don't lose a model
instantly that's
fun deploy support installation it's
always
nice uh do we want to engage this yeah
let's Engage The KOB he can be a bit of
a pain there you go get a bit of chip on
him
so we're going to be blobbing and that's
fine because I'm going to build quite a
lot of gens support installation Dey and
he's going to see that but I'm totally
fine with
that my little Bolter is shooting cuz I
made sure to position him in the correct
direction now we got our hot shot Las
guns and that should be a k knob getting
F
off
maybe I he might stick around to try and
kill an
IST but that's f
and operation right you two go pew pew
and you go run down there let's grab
operatives cuz I'm the DH I'm going to
go for operatives I wouldn't
otherwise there's also pation I find
them really awkward to use he's a
Commando knob so we might actually go
operatives
and oh God should shoot this guy might
got operatives and interceptors I'm not
sure yeah got him good
so his little player there didn't really
work oh he just Retreat
interesting
okay see what he's doing then if he's
got double slers down here this could be
a
problem
but yeah
whatever where are his
[Music]
units get
lers
[Music]
sign your
ERS let's go
s you weren't meant to be able to hit me
from
there you clever little
devilers are taking a victory point from
us it's fine just
regroup cuz I'm worried about a big push
on my farm right now I've got two gens
remember get move on
[Music]
ready storm get to cover
men over there enemy unit spotted yours
is the might of the Ordo
malus go get move our Warriors are dying
for the Empire oh we got a freaking kill
there as well what's that all
about one of our generators is under
attack hostile forces are in Sp
R we are under attack our enemies are
Shen push before they
[Music]
recover so let's send the grey Knights
down to deal with the shooters since you
know tanky tanky
boys let's go taking the
target we can actually do a full gen
push here so shall it be Al enemy
contact
your right away plasma generator
deployed and
operational over there now we've got a
chance the Orcs are claiming one of our
strategic
points get
[Music]
take that out blessed is the deployed
support
installation will this
[Music]
let's go we're moving
now support installation deployed
infiltration is over so shall it
be okay I think this is a
r we're moving now
taking the target
sir exploit this Advantage
onwards face the face of
heretic
fireing enemy contact one of our
generators is under
attack ready here let's go orders it'll
be ours sir you ready for the enemy
the Orcs are claiming one of our
strategic
points that
position ready
for enemy fire has destroyed one of our
generators deploying plasma
generator location
not plasma generator deployed and
operational know we'll get
it we're moving now let's go cool I'll
get it repair
uh clearly no
mods [__]
sake
get our enemies have 300 points
remaining all right fine [__]
H new units are available for
deployment
attack the enemies of man tremble before
our
Advance deployment
sanctioned that's enough for that
then we are under attack let's go we're
moving now the enemies of men claim a
victory point stand with your brothers
[Music]
yours is the might of the Ordo
malus get move
on yours is the might of the or
malus right I'm going to send them back
to
[Music]
heal no reason to live fair enough so
you got tier two somehow
and he's got the beamy so we got to
respect that that will threaten our
Razer but we got some pretty good Tech
coming up right now oh
shitet
en our enemies have 200 points
remaining let's go up and defend that
top VP
go ahead sir's get it
sir we'll just let the operatives go
back to base we won't cancel it
because
well the I want to heal
themo it's time for melee Demon Hunter
to and slay that which offends the
emperor
[Music]
come on dude okay just get in what the
[__] is this oh what they got a melter
bomb wait
what the [__] is
that I don't know what that is
areain that confused the [__] out of me
oh now I've lost my I I'm like what the
[__] is
that I don't know what that is
what the [__] was
that I really do not know what is going
on right now wait what
hello are you trolling me guys go
melee oh this is some trolling in
here what the
[__] no we do not want another razor
back I'm
destroy it'll be our
sir strike Marines
reinforced [__] hell I thought they
had a Mel bomb and it scared me to
death I didn't know they could get a
melab
bomb holy
[__] that was scary
we are in so shall it
be why is he using swamp
him oh you sneaky little
bastard
enemies okay
that's enough taking the victory point
us ready here no quar why are you not
capping we're moving now okay well now
we are in a weird spot
goor in gear we are very ahead on
VPS in quite a substantial manner holy
[__] Focus sold holding enemy contact so
shall it
be we're moving open
fire guys you're not
firing as
usual research
underway
all oh that bug that's annoying
let's go yeah that's a problem when the
ability sort of goes off the timer at
right the correct
time it's a problem oh he he lost some
VPS anyway yeah that that is kind of a
fail on the interceptors that bug there
so interceptors have this weird thing
now where you use the first teleport and
it grants you access to another teleport
which is cheaper in energy but is
limited in Usage Now the problem is
there's a timer on it you can only use
it once every X
seconds
um and I don't so I don't really
understand somehow it it deactivates the
second version and then you seen that I
just got
no I didn't get anything I didn't get
any jump so I don't know if that's
intentional or
what it's not the the 1.5 HP that's
useful it's the damage resistance
so if you take a big range fight the
damage resistance in an AOE should be
quite helpful
right for this War gear also it gives
you better energy economy but that's not
really that useful if you've only got
the one spell plus Rift tear be more
useful if you had mines or
something
elari yeah so this is a bit of a T match
up at the moment is cry so eloquently
put it your IST get wrecked by Guardians
and your strike Squad get red by
banshees so it's a pretty rough opening
to be honest with you it's pretty
rough wow Destructor doing some decent
damage there but that's why I sent the
strike Squad cuz I know in he likes to
do this opening so yes I'm countering
his open
disar
out deploying support
installation we're moving now the
field advaning
get move on come on bleed those ladies
there we go that's what we like to
see support installation
deployed just want to get some bleed
really on these
Guardians nice we got it
the enemies of man tremble before our
Advance we got that bleed did he kill
any of us deploying plasma gener not
yet it's time
though oh [__] we got some sneaky ass
Rangers that's
Noel all
right interesting we're going to be
healing for a bit that's for sure
deployed and operational
[Music]
can I like win in melee I don't
know no all right fine see you
L see you
later the elar capture one of our
strategic
points
that ready here we'll get it moving to
that position heading
out
attack
SEC ass oh miss the switch
PL so shall it be
[Music]
I really don't like the M switch blade
these
days I think it's
ass
location yours is the might of the
oronas securing
area ready
you see that's a huge investment there
now we can't get a shuriken so I've kind
of got free rain my interceptors and
stuff don't think that's really worth
it one of our owners died in service to
the emperor
fire deploying
plasma yeah just om things
man Elin no bleed loud
secure field res blessed is the ages
that plants you plasma generator
deployed and
operational so shall it
be Spott
here now let's get a little bit more
healing generator
[Music]
moving up one of our generators is under
attack plasma generator deployed and
operation Mo that
position enemy fire has destroyed one of
our generators
our enemies are shaken push before they
recover deploying plasma
generator one of our generators is under
attack yours is the might of the Ordo
malus plasma generator deployed and
operation lman
blessing the enemies of man
areic points
is what is with this range stance all
the time always range stance
eny not
today unlock our Demon Hunter reached
level
two let's go
order is the flow of battle is in our
favor the Eldar capture one of our
strategic
points reinforce action complete so
shall it
be en
[Music]
our installations are under the enemy's
onet
we are sustaining loses to enemy
action new units are available for
deployment we're moving
now we're moving
now go ahead sir yours is the might of
the Ordo
malus our enemies have 300 points
remaining
advancing under
[Music]
attack
not so shall it
be oh
exploit this Advantage onwards why is
this a melee weapon it's so
dumb so shall it
be one of our generators is under
attack the enemies of man are capturing
one of our strategic
points our Warriors have been reinforced
falcon
[Music]
wow that's a really long delay was it
always that long or is that a we are
under attack I feel like that's a enough
but I'm not even sure
that
position they will not escape
ourly the enemies of man are capturing
one of our strategic points
yours is the might of the Oro malus the
enemies of land trips before our
EVS imagine if this was a range weapon
wouldn't it be
amazing [__] hell
man I think so
our Demon Hunter reached level
three rather than just standing around
doing [__] all
secad
[Applause]
go on my
way our enemies have 200 points
remaining
tra on my way stay
close is
attacking on my
way you
uh hello what are you doing
vind deployment
sanctioned moving to that position on my
way heading there now don't put
yourselves in your one of our generators
is under
attack enemy fire has destroyed one of
our
generators bless it is the AES that PLS
you
advancing understood it is his will
destination confirmed
[Music]
[__] wraith
guard you
drunk so shall it be
I didn't use Target acquired I deserve
it
Holdings is the might of the Ordo
malus ising
oh you little rat he doing over there
back capping against my
ass
fine accept our
Dominion that t is trying to run you
down
the lar capture one of our strategic
points
deploying plasma generator yes commander
head
out so shall it
[Music]
be plasma generator deployed and
operational
the enemy engages Us close assault
strike the enemies of man are capturing
one of our strategic
points not ES
yours is the might of the Oro malus
research
underway our enemies have 100 points
remaining is his
will good bio attack
yikes our Demon Hunter reached level
four Victory Is Ours GG gg
gg plasma Dre has no melee yeah I
wouldn't like that then the Banshees
could bully
it but with ISC nearby the banshe is are
no threat to a melter dread and it also
gives me a little bit of utility against
the Falcon obviously the plasma dread
would be good against the Falcon too
but yeah I don't want to be vulnerable
to the Banshees just running in and
going chop chop chop
[Music]